Some components migration into Fractal (#786)
mozilla/protocol: components/language-switcher/readme.md

> A UI molecule for changing the language of the current page.

Reviewer: We should phase out the atomic design jargon and just call everything a "component."

Author: Oh, are we completely ditching the atomic design lingo? Guessing all the components will be under one header then?

Reviewer: Yeah... atomic lingo is very useful for discussing design systems but I'm not sure it's useful as an information architecture strategy.

### Notes
- Assumes the first path in the page URL immediately after hostname is a valid locale code e.g. https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/.

> - This molecule can be displayed inside the Footer organism, but could also be used elsewhere if more appropriate.

Reviewer: Let's rewrite without the atomic design lingo.
```suggestion
- This component can be displayed inside the Footer component, but could also be used elsewhere if more appropriate.
```

Author: d'oh! good catch.
